Add GitLab issue creation to proposal process (#319)
haskell/core-libraries-committee: PROPOSALS.md

    * Make sure to include a link to the CLC discussion into the commit message.
    * Make sure to update `libraries/base/changelog.md`. (You might like to insert your new entry
      at an arbitrary position instead of the last one to minimise merge conflicts.)

>     * Raise an issue, linking to the GitHub proposal (this is needed for assigning milestones)

Reviewer: I think this addition is redundant now once you added it to the post-approval list.

    * Unless your branch is particularly big, it's advisable to squash it into
      a single commit. At the moment GitLab does not offer "squash-and-merge"
      option in UI, so this has to be maintained manually.
6. after the proposal is approved, coordinate with CLC and GHC team:
    * The proposal needs to be labeled as "approved" and "awaits-merge"

>     * Add a comment to the GHC MR "Approved by CLC in [link to the vote outcome]" and get approval

Reviewer: Usually an MR was approved by the same member of CLC, who left "Approved by..." comment.

    * Double check that the changelog and the commit messages are in order
    * Raise an issue on GHC GitLab to help GHC team with tracking
    * CLC or GHC team needs to assign the MR to Marge Bot

>     * After merging, CLC needs to remove proposal label "awaits-merge" and add "base-4.XX" (coordinate wiht GHC devs which base would be the first to release the change)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * After merging, CLC needs to remove proposal label "awaits-merge" and add "base-4.XX" (coordinate with GHC devs which base would be the first to release the change)
```
Also maybe link https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/wikis/GHC-status#1-major-releases somewhere for the reference for "All changes to `base` package slated for the future release should be approved by CLC and land before forking. Backports are usually reserved to security or packaging matters only".

Other than that LGTM.

>     * Remove proposal labels "approved" and "awaits-merge" and add "base-4.XX" (coordinate wiht GHC devs which base would be the first to release the change)

Reviewer: No need to remove "approved" label though.

It's clear from the changelog which `base` will be the first to release the change; changes to `base` are not backported except special cirsumstances.

    * Unless your branch is particularly big, it's advisable to squash it into
      a single commit. At the moment GitLab does not offer "squash-and-merge"
      option in UI, so this has to be maintained manually.
6. after the proposal is approved, coordinate with CLC and GHC team:
    * CLC needs to label the proposal as "approved" and "awaits-merge"

>     * CLC or GHC team needs to add a comment to the GHC MR "Approved by CLC in [link to the vote outcome]" and approve the MR
>     * Double check that the changelog and the commit messages are in order
>     * Raise an issue on GHC GitLab to help GHC team with progress and release tracking
>     * CLC or GHC team needs to assign the MR to Marge Bot
>     * After merging, CLC needs to remove the proposal label "awaits-merge" and add "base-4.XX" (coordinate with GHC devs which base would be the first to release the change)
>     * all changes to `base` package slated for future release should land in GHC `master` before the next major release branch is forked (also see [GHC wiki on major releases](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/wikis/GHC-status#1-major-releases))
>       - backports are usually reserved for security or packaging matters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * CLC or GHC team needs to add a comment to the GHC MR "Approved by CLC in [link to the vote outcome]".
    * Double check that the changelog and the commit messages are in order
    * Raise an issue on GHC GitLab to help GHC team with progress and release tracking
    * The GHC MR needs to be reviewed/approved and landed. This is typically done by members of the CLC and GHC Team.
    * After merging, CLC needs to remove the proposal label "awaits-merge" and add "base-4.XX" (coordinate with GHC devs which base would be the first to release the change)
    * all changes to `base` package slated for future release should land in GHC `master` before the next major release branch is forked (also see [GHC wiki on major releases](https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/wikis/GHC-status#1-major-releases))
      - backports are usually reserved for security or packaging matters
```

I think it makes sense not to get into details about the process for landing a GHC MR. It is bound to change over time, and two bullet points are not enough to give meaningful guidance either way in my opinion. But perhaps others think differently.

I would definitely put the "double check things" bullet point before the approval :)
